FDFA\_01
========

The lack of coherent and comparable data on migration restricts our
ability to design appropriate migration and development policies,
protect and assist migrant populations, and monitor progress towards the
achievement of migration-relevant targets in the Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs). This is particularly true for migration movements across
the Global South, international migration movements at the
subnational-unit level (i.e. between spatial units located in different
countries), and migration data disaggregated by basic characteristic
such as sex.

This project aims to address this challenge by providing a new globally
consistent and harmonized dataset of sex-disaggregated migration
movements estimates at the subnational level within and between all low-
and middle-income countries.

The new dataset is available at [this link](ftp://ftp.worldpop.org.uk/tmp/FDFA_Subnational_MigrationEstimates/): ftp://ftp.worldpop.org.uk/tmp/FDFA_Subnational_MigrationEstimates/


Database citation:
Silvia Ceau»ôu, Dorothea Woods, Chigozie E. Utazi, Guy J. Abel, Xavier Vollenweider, Andrew J. Tatem, Alessandro Sorichetta (2019). Mapping gender-disaggregated migration movements at subnational scales in and between low- and middle-income countries - Funded by the Swiss Confederation, represented by the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs (FDFA), Human Security Division. https://dx.doi.org/10.5258/SOTON/WP00673

This repository hosts the code of the dashboard providing interactive
mapping and visualization of this new dataset. It is deployed
<a href="https://gravier.shinyapps.io/fdfa_01_dev_v4/" target="_blank">here</a>.

The dataset has been developped by Alessandro Sorichetta
(PI)<sup>1</sup>, Andrew J. Tatem (PI)<sup>1</sup> <sup>3</sup>, Silvia
Ceausu<sup>1</sup>, Dorothea Woods<sup>1</sup> <sup>2</sup>, Chigozie E.
Utazi<sup>1</sup> and Guy Abel<sup>4</sup>. The dashboard has been
developped by Xavier Vollenweider<sup>3</sup> with help from Visvanathan
Subramaniam<sup>3</sup>. <br> <br> <br> <sup>1</sup> WorldPop,
University of Southampton, UK.<br> <sup>2</sup> GeoData, University of
Southampton, UK. <br> <sup>3</sup> Flowminder Foundation, Switzerland.
<br> <sup>4</sup> ADRI, Shanghai University, China. <br>
